1008 SRI VIRSHABANATH JINALAYAM, OTHALAVADI
To all Shravakas and Shravikas,
The village public, along with all Shravakas and Shravikas, have unanimously decided and implemented the renovation, restoration work, and construction of a new Tyagi Niwas building for Sri 1008 Virshabanath Jinalaya located in Othalavadi village, Chetpet taluk, Tiruvannamalai district. This is being carried out under the guidance of the pontiffs of the two great Mutts, Mel Sithamur Jain Mutt and Arihantagiri Jain Mutt, namely Bhattarak Chintamani Swasti Sri Dhavalakeerthi Bhattaraka Bhattacharya Swamiji and Swasti Sri Lakshmisena Bhattaraka Bhattacharya Swamiji.
We wish that all village Shravakas and Shravikas contribute material or monetary assistance according to their capacity in this holy deed and attain spiritual merit (Punya).
The antiquity of the Othalavadi 1008 Sri Virshabanath Jinalaya dates back to prior to the 10th century. This is known through inscriptions which reveal that Chola king Othalan and the Mallinatha Sambuvarayar kings granted 'Pallichandam' (land gifts to Jain temples) and other donations to this temple. Furthermore, the inscription in this temple also engraves the name as "Swasti Sri Aniyadha Azhagar Jinalayam".
The works to be undertaken in the temple are as follows:
Renovation of the front mandapam rooftop and the Gopuram (tower) of the Jinalaya.
Installing 24 Tirthankara idols and constructing a mandapam for them.
Constructing a surrounding compound wall of about 700 meters.
Construction of a new Tyagi Niwas building.
Laying stones (pathway) all around the temple premises.
Installing a borewell and an overhead water storage tank.
Constructing toilets and bathrooms.
You can help by contributing materials needed for the work such as gravel (jalli), iron rods, M-sand, cement, electrical items, etc. Furthermore, the names of those who contribute Rs. 11,000/- or above in cash or material will be inscribed on a stone plaque.
Those who wish to bear the entire expenditure of a specific work can do so. Their names will be engraved on the stone plaque.
Contributions can be made in the form of cash or materials for all the works.
Bank Details:
Account Name: 1008 SHRI VIRSHABANATH BHAGWAN JAIN TEMPLE TRUST, OTHALAVADI.
Account No: 8350857706
Bank Name: Indian Bank
Branch: Devikapuram (02322)
IFSC Code No: IDIB000D074
Persons to be contacted for further information:
D. Dharmapalan, President: 6369346503
N. Ponnappan, Secretary: 9788391633
P. Rajaperumal, Treasurer: 9524026692
Yours sincerely,
All Shravakas - Shravikas, Othalavadi.